doc: add minutes for meeting 8 April 2020 (#847)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2020-04-08.md

* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Nominating @Himself65 as a collaborator [#32441](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32441)

* Nominating @puzpuzpuz as a collaborator [#32555](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32555)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* quic: part 3... initial quic implementation [#32379](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32379)
* quic: part 2... ngtcp2 and nghttp3 [#32378](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32378)
* quic: part 1... quic-modified openssl [#32377](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32377)
  * Rich - these are an FYI, not time critical, let's discuss concerns raised when James is in the
    call ?

>   * Myles, time critical part is whether it makes it into 14.x. Rich this can go into a later 14.x
>     version since it is Minor so possibly not time sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Myles: time critical part is whether it makes it into 14.x.
  * Rich: this can go into a later 14.x version since it is Minor so possibly not time sensitive.
```

>   * Sam at least the patch is not too intrusive, but APIs continue to change. Split up patch
>     helps make it reviewable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Sam at least the patch is not too intrusive, but APIs continue to change.
  * That the QUICs PR was split into multiple PRs (ng*, openssl, quics) makes it much more reviewable, thanks @jasnell 
```
